Nena:

  Eclipse:
  Warm Springs Hotshot Crew carrier under the full solar eclipse, Aug. 21, 2017. The IHC is on days off before they go available again.  Photo by Robyn Broyles, PIO

  Chopper:
  Photo By Steve Warden Aug. 19. Helicopter 9FF conducts bucket work near Culpus Bridet

  Crew:
  Firefighters on Nena Springs fire monitor containment lines, constructed by a dozer in the higher elevations of the fire on the Warm Springs Indian Reservation. Photo by Tony Sanchez, Incident Commander

  Smoke:
  Smoke Column from Nena Springs Fire as it moves across Indian Creek Canyon, photo By Robyn Broyles, PIO

  Backburn:
  Mike Leecy, Confederated Tribes uses a drip torch to burn a black line: a containment line to remove the short grasses that can carry the fire.

  Airdrop:
  Airtanker drops retardant the Deschutes River Photo By Rich Labelle

Whitewater:

  Burnout:
  Crews on the Southwest edge of the Whitewater Fire performed controlled burnout operations to strengthen control lines.

  Fireline:
  Looking back over line that has been constructed for the Whitewater Fire.

  MtJeff:
  Whitewater Fire burns near Mt Jefferson

  SmokeJeff:
  Smoke from Whitewater Fire around Mt. Jefferson

  Wilderness:
  The Whitewater fire burns in the Mt Jefferson Wilderness

Milli:

  Burn:
  August 27 burnout operation.

  Trunk:
  Smoldering tree trunk.

  Hotshots:
  Cedar City Hotshots Prepare for Burn Operations 8.25.

  Torch:
  Torching tree.

  Air:
  DC10 tanker is helping with air support

  Plume:
  Milli Fire on 8-16-17 at 4:00 p.m.

HorseCreek:

  Aerial:
  View from a helicopter of the Horse Creek Complex(Olallie Fire) burning in the Three Sisters Wilderness

  Avenue:
  View from a helicopter of the Horse Creek Complex(Avenue Fire) burning in the Three Sisters Wilderness

Rebel:

  Air:
  View from a helicopter of smoke from Rebel Fire

  Dozer:
  The Rebel Fire burns along a dozer line built to control the fire.

  Burn:
  Crews perform burnout operations on the Rebel Fire to remove unburned fuels between the fire and containment lines.

Jones:

  Moon:
  Stunning mountain view with fire moon. Credit: Marcus Kauffman

  Scoop:
  A scooper plane skims water from Fall Creek Resevoir for the Jones Fire.

  Truck:
  Fire personnel confer under a billowing column of smoke from the Jones Fire.

  Snag:
  Fire fighters douses a snag with water

Cinder:

  Flame:
  Cinder Butte Fire

  Scar:
  Cinder Butte Fire

Staley:

  Burnout:
  Firefighter uses a drip torch to slowly and carefully burnout below a road used as a control line.

  Flare:
  A firefighter shoots a flare to ignite fuels in an area too steep for firefighters to access safely. This was part of a burnout operation on the Staley Fire to help contain the fire by creating a black area along the perimeter.

  Mop:
  Heavy fuels require extra effort to mop up.

  Crew:
  Members of the Eugene-based Dust Busters Plus C-10 fire crew ready to build line on the east side of the Staley Fire.

Umpqua:

    Engine:
    Engine crew holds line on road in Happy Dog, by PRUNEAN AMR

    Dig:
    Hand Crew brushing line on Happy Dog, by Acala, BIA Aug 25

    Perimeter:
    Firefighters patrol perimeter of Happy Dog Fire

    Burn:
    Members of the Calderon Type 2 Crew line out along a cleared control line as the MP Forestry Type 2 Crew brings fire to them while conducting a tactical burn out operation on the east side of the Happy Dog Fire, north of Highway 138 East, on Thursday

    Bucket:
    A helicopter dips a bucket of water out of the North Umpqua River on Wednesday, Aug. 23, 2017 to drop on the Fall Creek Fire, one of 15 fires that make up the Umpqua North Complex. Tim Mowry/Alaska Interagency Incident Management Team

Falcon:

  Torch:
  Single tree torching. Credit: ScottLind

  Shadow:
  Falcon Complex. Credit: ScottLind

  Crew:
  Puerto Rico C-4 fire crew Credit: Jose Martinez

  Bomb:
  Set up for removal of hazard trees with explosives

  Bombed:
  removal of hazard trees with explosives

Cascades:

  Crew:
  West Coast Crews Cutting Fireline on the SHERWOOD

  Line:
  Prepping Fireline on the Blanket Fire July 30

  Camp:
  Evening View From Fire Camp August 11, 2017

  Night:
  Blanket Creek Fire During Night Ops August 2, 2017

Pelican:

  Hose:
  Hose activity

  Crew:
  Crews on the move

  Pile:
  Crews wetting down "Landing Pile" on N. Pelican Fire

  Smoke:
  North Pelican Fire August 19

Mine:

  Sunset:
  Sunset over Upper Mine Fire July 26, 2017 Credit: Macombe

  Yard:
  July 24, 2017 over Harney Electric Yard

  Mt:
  Upper Mine fire July 25, 2017

Miller:

  Night:
  Night Operations on Burnt Peak Fire 8/21/2017

  Lake:
  Helicopter getting water from Applegate Lake

  River:
  Seattle Fire on 8/17

  Stump:
  Seattle_fire_8_20

Chetco:

  Dark:
  Chetco Bar Fire

  Structure:
  Structure Protection with sprinkling system

  Night:
  Chetco Bar Fire Aug 20 2017

  Air:
  Chetco Bar Fire on Aug. 17,2017 at 9:00pm

  Smoke:
  Smoke column 7-29-17

  
